data-model: Better represent annotations in the data model, particularly when unsupported (#554)
unicode-org/message-format-wg: spec/syntax.md

A **_<dfn>variable-expression</dfn>_** contains a _variable_,
optionally followed by an _annotation_.

> A **_<dfn>function-expression</dfn>_** contains only a _function_ _annotation_.
> 
> A **_<dfn>private-use-expression</dfn>_** contains only a _private-use annotation_.
> 
> A **_<dfn>reserved-expression</dfn>_** contains only a _reserved annotation_.

Reviewer: See above. I think I'd rather have it be:

```suggestion
A **_<dfn>function-expression</dfn>_** contains an _annotation_ without an _operand_.
The _annotation_ can be a _function_ _annotation_, 
a _private-use annotation_,
or a _reserved annotation_.
```
